xamtra.inc
Prepare thyself for one twisted tale.
Through the chapters of time,
legends have been told
of brave knights, evil warlocks,
beautiful maidens, magical prophecies,
and other serious shit.
Be not afraid.
This is your destiny.
You will bear my seed,
giving birth to a new beast,
a new age:
An age where I will
command mankind in fear!
To arms!
At ease, Maiden.
When the light of the world flickers,
we, the Golden Order of Knights,
restore the rule of good.
You're safe now.
Then let us pray
that 100 years from now
when these two moons meet again,
there will be a hero
as brave as you, my lord.
A hero as brave.
Oh, fuck me.
Prince Thadeous of Mourne,
you are hereby sentenced to death
by hanging
for your illicit behavior
with the noble Dwarf King's
second wife Regina.
You're a disgrace to any kingdom!
I say hang the bastard.
Get on with it!
And your minstrel, Courtney,
is to be tarred and feathered
for unlawful association
with a deviant.
Children, I'm allergic,
please. Let's not.
Please! These allegations,
they're being greatly exaggerated.
It was more or less
just heavy petting
with a brief moment of penetration.
Disgusting!
He deserves to die! Kill him!
Hang the bastard!
Hey! Easy! That's not nice.
You, bloodthirsty little fucker!
Show me some respect, I'm a prince!
To the bowels of hell!
Good night, Prince.
Oh, dear gods.
Your Highness, what are you doing?
I'm escaping, Courtney!
Quit playing with those children
and help me!
Kill him!
Get him! After him!
Your Highness, wait for me!
Why are they upset?
All dwarf queens are unfaithful.
Hurry, Courtney, back to the kingdom!
Forgive us with your tiny hearts!
Faster sheepies, faster!
Please wait, sir!
Courtney, you've proven
yourself useless yet again.
Who's that?
We're safe and we're stoned.
Ganja!
They're gaining on us.
Oh, the dragon!
Those Highland Dwarves have got weapons!
Coming through.
Boobies!
Watch out, Courtney!
I'm telling father we should go
to war with these double-crossers.
Poultry!
Livestock! Courtney,
this is no time to be napping.
I'm a chicken.
Let's get back... Oh, look!
A little feast to
break up this pursuit.
Dangerous, yet delicious.
I'm jumping out this window.
He's angry!
Courtney, break my fall with your body.
Please don't hurt my bottom!
Run, Courtney! Pick up the pace!
Why do people so little run so fast?
That was close.
Courtney, I've had enough
of this nonsense!
Crack-a-lacka, you little varmint.
They're devils, sir! They're devils!
- Get him!
- They're muscular.
- Get off me!
- That's it, sir!
Your Highness!
Please tell me that you
completed your simple task
and secured the treaty
signed by the Lord of the Dwarf Village.
Father, they sent a beautiful woman
to distract me and I was defenseless.
Don't bandy words with me,
Thadeous.
Your brother is to return
from his quest at any moment.
Please go and bathe yourself.
Why must I bow to greet him?
No one does anything special for me
when I do extraordinary things.
And what extraordinary things
have you done of late?
Do tell me. Enlighten me.
Courtney, what extraordinary things
have I done?
You took a bubble bath,
ate some toast,
had a sleep for one hour,
and commissioned a naked statue
of your fine self.
God, if your mother
could see you now.
Hear ye! Hear ye!
Oh, dear gods.
It is with blossoming personal joy
that I announce the return
of the mighty,
the magnificent, the merciful,
Prince Fabious!
Hey, Prince Fabious,
we adore you!
Welcome home, Prince Fabious.
You're my king, Prince Fabious.
Welcome home! You are adored.
It's Prince Fabious!
Prince Fabious,
I'm here for you now.
Brother!
Oh, my god, I missed you so.
Great to see you.
Father.
My son.
Welcome home.
As you all know,
the evil wizard Leezar
has plagued our kingdom
with his foul creatures
and wicked ways for years.
But with my brave trusted knights
and my dear Simon.
Join us, my mechanical friend.
We have dispatched the latest
of these cold blooded enemies.
Behold!
The head of Leezar's mighty Cyclops!
Fuck, yeah!
Fabious! Fabious! Fabious!
Once again, Prince Fabious has made me
as proud as a father could ever be.
All the land owes him gratitude.
This is not the only good news
that I've brought home with me today.
Father, brother, kingdom...
She is radiant!
I'd like you
to meet my bride-to-be.
Belladonna.
Belladonna, my dear,
why don't you delight us
with your story.
Oh, no.
It's a story of strife and sadness.
No, no, it's not.
It's a story of love.
You don't have to tell it.
If she doesn't want to tell it.
She will tell.
This is a table full of your loved ones.
Okay.
I've been held captive by Leezar
in the Tower of Disorder
since I was but a child.
Never knowing love nor human contact.
But I never gave up hope.
Singing every day, praying
that someday my hero would find me.
And I did.
We had just slaughtered the Cyclops.
We were on our way home, and on the wind
I heard the most beautiful song.
Fascinating, really.
May we take pause for one moment.
Yes, sir.
Look at Courtney's new haircut.
Doesn't it make his head
look like the tip of a penis?
It's hilarious.
Thadeous, please.
What is your problem?
You, Fabious,
you're being selfish and greedy.
Stealing all the attentions.
Today is not just for you two.
Today is Thundarian's birthday.
Thundarian, is it your birthday?
It's not my birthday.
It's not Thundarian's
birthday, Thadeous.
Enough, enough.
My heart's desire, what is this?
No. That's a...
We call that a fork,
and you use that for your food.
Right there. Fucking idiot.
Having spent years in the tower
has made her ignorant to some of
our customs and things in general.
Why, yes, of course.
If your mother were here today,
she would be a very proud woman,
Fabious.
Thank you, Father.
Which is why I ask your permission
to marry her at once.
The glory of romance!
I call upon my criers to proclaim
that tomorrow we'll see the greatest
wedding this kingdom has ever known.
And tonight, we celebrate!
I don't like this.
Courtney, will you make funny faces
to entertain me?
No.
Never triangle face.
I hate triangle face. It scares me.
Apologies.
Good evening, Your Royal Highness.
Julie.
Hello, fucking Julie.
What a wonderful,
wonderful evening, sire.
Yet another glorious achievement
in the whole firmament of starring
moments for your brother Fabious.
We shall remember it
for the rest of our lives.
Isn't that amazing how he can talk
and suck my cock
at the same exact time?
Yes, it is. Incredible.
Oh, clean yourself up.
Should have closed your eyes, Julie.
I know your vulgarity
masks your pain.
No, it doesn't.
I was trying to remember
the last time we had
one of these wonderful
evenings for you, sir.
Surely there must have been one
somewhere in the history of this
kingdom, of your illustrious life.
There must've been some moment
that we can all remember.
And I'm trying to think now
and there's nothing.
Courtney, I think I've had enough
of this foul party.
Yes, sir.
Stupid Julie, I'll show him.
I am Thadeous,
the greatest sword fighting man
to ever live.
I will murder anyone
whoever tries to insult me
or challenge me.
Some balls you have, Simon,
showing yourself to me.
No matter what you say,
we'll never be friends
because I hate mechanical inventions
and you know this.
Wipe that smile off your face.
Hey, Simon.
You should swing from your hips,
brother. You'll get more leverage.
Here, let me show you.
Oh, god.
Put your hands there, yeah,
and swing.
Gods, get off of me.
I know how to use a sword.
- Do you?
- Yes.
We'll see about that.
Okay, enough.
I don't want to do swords with you.
I'm doing it by myself.
Defend yourself, brother!
- Stop it.
- There you go.
Stop.
Defend yourself!
Stop it.
Oh, shit!
You just nicked my knuckles!
Oh, you'll be all right. It's not
as if I cut your head off or anything.
Why would you bring
that disgusting thing here?
It's getting juices
in our water supply.
It's a souvenir of my kill.
I always take one
from a foe that's tasted the cold,
unrelenting steel of my blade.
Souvenir of your kill?
That sounds like a rather stupid,
bloodthirsty tradition.
What's your problem?
Why are you such a sourpuss?
I'm not being a sourpuss. I just
didn't wanna be at that celebrations.
All I want is for you
to be a part of this moment.
I want you to be gay
with me and father.
I don't want to be gay
with you two.
I'd rather just stay in here
with my blade and fuck things up.
Why would you say that?
Because, Fabious, it's true.
I'm sick and tired
of everyone sucking up on your tits
because you are to become king.
All the while, no one gives
two turtle shits about me.
But Thaddy,
first borns like me, we become king.
Second borns, you can be
whatever you want to be.
I want to be king.
Maybe we can both be king.
No, I want to be king by myself.
Well, cheer up, brother.
I have something else
that you can be.
What?
Best man at my wedding.
I can think of no one else
I'd want by my side
as I sing my vow passionately
into her eyes.
Sounds tedious and boring.
If I'm not mistaken,
it's tradition
that the best man gets
to finger the bridesmaids.
Really? I've never heard
of this tradition.
You have a fucking deal.
Oh, you're gonna be so handsome!
Who's gonna be
the most handsome best man?
Probably me.
Who's the prince
with the most dashing moustache?
Me.
Who gives the warmest hugs?
Me, of course.
I love you, Thadeous.
Okay, that's cool.
All gather
for the royal wedding!
Hello there, best man.
Best man?
If he wanted a best man,
he should have chosen me.
How many quests
have I been on with Fabious?
Countless.
I gave my hand to save his life
on the battlefield.
And yet he chooses Thadeous
as his best man.
That sorry sack of shit.
Such a poor excuse for a prince.
He's nothing more than a self-entitled,
rotten child!
Idiot.
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
Belladonna...
Oh, my love.
Oh, Fabious, I can't wait
until the cervix is over,
and to lie together as one:
No, the service.
The cervix is a circular wing
of muscles that contracts or expands.
It's up in your vagina.
That's where my penis will go
after the wedding.
Have you not consummated your love?
Not yet.
Belladonna has never been with a man
so we've decided to preserve her purity
till after the wedding.
She's given me this ribbon
from her fair hair.
To hold on to until
we can be together in a sex-way.
Yes.
Enough, enough.
If Thadeous wishes to play forgetful
on his brother's day of days,
then wait we shall not.
I can't get married
without my brother. He's my best man.
His time has passed.
Pick another best man.
No.
- Julie, you be best man.
- Here you are.
Godsdammit.
Oh, Brendan,
you trolls have it so easy.
Out here playing recklessly
in your beautiful mud.
Eating your scraps
of horse meats and crumbs.
- Green grass.
And do tell, how do you get so dirty?
You just take the earth
and rub it upon your face?
Your Highness,
the wedding has... Hello.
The wedding has started.
I do not care.
I'd rather stay with
this fine gentleman.
Hiding here with my true friends.
Yes.
Let the whole entire wedding wonder
and worry where I am.
This is the day
that I've been waiting for
Sand in the kingdom
Our love is born
Flowing from the ocean to the moons
Your heart now I hold
You have a beauty I can't ignore
Bastion of all I do adore
Giving this moment
Our love that's true
Our hearts now are one
Bravo!
Reveal yourself, stranger.
Are you lost?
A thousand pardons. I mean not
to intrude on such a joyous occasion.
However, today I just
could not help myself.
Leezar!
You're not welcome here, devil!
If you come in peace, say so,
otherwise prepare to meet your doom.
Oh, brave Fabious.
You murdered my Cyclops. But I have
other perils in store for you.
Ones that are beyond
the bounds of your imagination.
One, in particular,
involving an ancient prophecy destined
to be fulfilled by a powerful warlock,
me:
And, of course, a very beautiful virgin
that looks just like
her.
I was keeping that one
for something very special.
And I dare say it was rude of you
to steal her from me.
Now I'm here to get her back.
And just how do you plan
on doing that?
Magic,
motherfucker.
Not a moment more.
- Knights, to arms!
- Take him!
Do you honestly think
your band of worms can stop me?
Arise therefore, my mothers!
Watch out!
Come with me.
Leezar!
I shall not go back
to that dreadful tower!
Look into my eyes!
You will learn to love me!
Do you understand?
Come on.
Impossible.
Farewell, Kingdom of Mourne.
As always, it has been my pleasure.
I thought
it was from riding sheep,
but it turns out just
to be an ear infection.
You fucker!
Good times.
No one get up. I'm very tired.
I'm going straight
to my bed chambers.
Brother, thank god you're alive.
When you didn't show up
for the wedding, I feared the worst.
Why are you crying?
Leezar has taken my love.
- What?
- Yes.
So, your brother is
about to embark on yet another quest.
This time to rescue Belladonna
and rid the land of
that loathsome wretch
once and for all.
How noble of him.
Well, it was nice to see you,
as short as the visit was.
I look forward to hearing about it.
Good luck and good bye.
Thadeous,
this is Fabious' 28th quest.
How many have you been on?
Courtney,
how many quests have I completed?
The answer is none.
It is finally time
for you to become a man.
You must journey with your brother
to rescue his bride.
Father, you can't be serious.
If you want me to go
on to a quest,
then let's start
with something easy,
like boiling a chicken
or beating off in front of a Pegasus.
Elementary things.
Look around you at the harm
that has befallen this castle!
This quest is your last chance
to prove to me and the kingdom
that you are a man worthy
to bear the family crest,
and to show that at your core,
you are not rotten,
but you are brave,
and honorable, and noble.
All the qualities
expected of a prince.
The choice is yours.
Either journey with your brother
and the Knights Elite,
or you can face banishment
from the kingdom.
Shit.
You see, Courtney,
I alone understand how
to properly prepare for a quest.
Masculine garments,
proper, good collie to smoke upon.
How is Steven doing?
He looks like he's stoned, sir.
Fabious has Simon,
and now I have Steven,
a far superior creature companion.
Wouldn't you agree?
He will fare very well, indeed,
I'm sure, Your Highness.
I do hope this adventure
is not too stressful or boring.
Either way I intend to get properly
fucked up if no one disagrees.
Belladonna, wake up. Wake up.
Who is that? Where am I?
'Tis I, Fabious. Your love.
Fabious?
You're still in Leezar's lair.
But fear not,
I'm here to rescue you.
Fabious, it's really you.
I knew you'd come to find me.
I can't do this. I can't do it.
It's so mean.
You should've seen
the look on your face. It's me!
You're still a prisoner.
I've seen a beautiful world
beyond this prison,
and I count the hours
till I escape.
I wouldn't be so sure of that.
Lookie there.
The twin moons drawing slowly together.
Time moving them closer.
Just as time moves you
and I closer together.
And when the two moons unite,
so shall we.
Perhaps, keeping you
in this tower has left you ignorant.
You're so easily deceived.
For example, I have heard
that your Prince Fabious
has made his bed recklessly
with many maidens.
And I heard that he has fungi
on his genitalia as a result.
Also, he organizes orgies
with wenches and barbarians alike
and he takes sperm on him
and gives it to women freely.
Spilling his seed willy-nilly
as he makes his way through that orgy.
I don't believe you.
He is not the dashing young man
you believe him to be.
So...
these are the harsh realities
of the outside world.
Welcome home.
Halt! Steady.
Sorry to disturb you two
love birds
but we've arrived
at the home of the Wize Wizard.
Who the hell is the Wize Wizard?
He's an ancient seer who helps many
on their quest with added insight.
Great.
Well, let me know how it goes.
Leave him in his carriage, Fabious.
You and I will seek counsel
with the Wize Wizard.
No.
Come, brother. This is the first stop
on your first quest.
We shall go together.
Brother,
you look ravishing in that armor,
but I don't think you'll need it.
The Wize Wizard is a peaceful,
little old man.
I'm wearing it.
You're just being jealous.
Shit!
Thadeous!
Fuck.
Hello? Anyone home?
Looks as if someone is
cultivating glorious herbs in here.
Hey, Wize Wizard,
is that you over there?
Who dares enter my den?
It is I, Prince Fabious
and my brother, Prince Thadeous.
We come to seek counsel.
Come, come. Give me kisses.
Kiss him.
Fuck, no.
Pretty please.
Kiss it on the mouth.
For the quest.
I do it every time I come.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
Oh, god.
Sit, sit.
Sit.
Fabious has been coming here
since he was a boy.
You did this
when you were a child.
Yes!
We had great times, didn't we?
Yes, yes, we did.
You would kiss him?
Yeah, sometimes we
would do other things.
Like what?
When I was younger, we'd take
our shirts off and jump on the bed.
Playful secrets.
Don't tell father.
Breathe deeply of these herbs
and share a vision with me.
Of course.
Yes. Allow me to puff as well.
Those are some powerful herbs.
Giving me dark visions.
Shall we pack this again?
I'm not getting visions.
I'm not sure if it's working, Wizard.
Visions. Visions.
Thadeous,
are you seeing what I'm seeing?
You making a fool yourself.
Handle your shit, Fabious, please.
No, I can't.
Please, interpret these visions, Wizard.
Prophecies foretell of an evil wizard
laying his seed inside a virgin
under the eclipse of the two moons.
What? What evil prophecy is this?
The child she would spawn
is said to be
a dragon most powerful.
Leezar wants to make love
to Belladonna to create a dragon?
That's fucking disgusting.
I cannot let this happen.
When is this eclipse?
In five nights' time,
but you will need an enchanted blade
to do this warlock in.
A blade made of unicorn horn.
Say where I can find such a sword
and it shall be mine.
It rests in the depths
of the most perilous hidden labyrinth.
Just beyond Muldiss Darton.
Muldiss Darton.
Well, what is Muldiss Darton?
It's a place of legend.
Powerful magic.
This crooked compass
will catch the light
and point the way to
the labyrinth's location.
Be warned,
they say the walls of this maze
drive men to madness.
But if you can find your way,
the blade will be yours.
Thank you, Wize Wizard.
Not so fast. First you
must answer a riddle.
What journey be long and twisted
and sensitive at hand?
To what end must man go
to discover the depths of his ecstasy?
Think hard, strong warriors.
Fuck, I know this.
I've got it!
You want us to twist what is long
with our sensitive hands.
He wants us to jerk him off.
Just punch the tip and twist it.
Yes, but we are not
going to do that.
If it's for the quest,
we will do what needs to be done.
I'll work the tip,
you tickle his balls.
- Pervert.
- Did you get any information?
Let's just make camp.
Sick. This quest sucks.
It used to be you that joined him.
Yes.
Don't worry. All will be well.
Attentions please, warriors.
I propose a toast.
Let us drink till
thine asses are drunk.
Brother, we do not celebrate
until we complete the quest at hand.
It is the code of the Knights Elite.
What of my code
where we drink like men?
Thadeous, we have some traditions
of our own out here on the road.
Manious, prepare the warrior's tidings,
if you will.
If it is the first night
of your first quest, well...
Here it comes.
Disgusting.
Feast upon the heart of the beast.
No, thank you, I'm not hungry.
It is a tradition among men:
- Eat it.
Eat it! Eat it! Eat it!
You fuckers! That's not funny!
You're not supposed to eat it.
You all were chanting.
Maybe there's some donkey cock
in your carriage!
Fuck you, Boremont!
Manious, fuck you!
I hate all of you.
Thadeous!
Come back.
Thadeous, come here.
Dark master,
it is I, Julie.
We have crossed the hazel meadow,
and are now taking rest
at the Cliffs of Kuneman.
Now that the Princes of Mourne
have left their stronghold
their vulnerabilities
are in your hands.
My hands.
Bring Prince Fabious to me alive.
I would like him to witness
as I impregnate his love.
Impregnate.
As for Thadeous and his boy,
toss them from the Cliffs of Kuneman.
They're useless.
Fart.
Knock, knock. May I come in?
No, leave me alone.
Get out of here.
Thadeous, you must calm down.
It's over.
You ate the heart,
you passed the initiation.
Passed?
You made me look stupid
in front of all your friends.
And don't think I'm not telling father
because I'm going to.
Thadeous, we were just having some fun,
and it was perfect.
Now they know you're
not to be fucked with.
Excuse me, sir,
sorry for the intrusion.
I have just witnessed
a most disturbing incident.
There must be
a misunderstanding.
Julie is my most
trusted confidant.
Julie is an idiot.
No, he's not. He's a gentleman.
Julie is what, Your Highness?
I'm not sure, Julie.
Courtney said he saw
some suspicious behavior.
You, I saw you talking with Leezar.
How dare you watch me
in my private moments.
He's stolen my vision.
Get him, Courtney!
Come here!
You old beast.
Courtney, just restrain him
with all your might.
No, slay him!
Murder him!
Die of me.
What?
Don't move,
you're surrounded.
Julie has no dick!
Boremont!
Help!
Knights!
A turncoat has been discovered!
Prince Fabious, what is wrong?
Boremont, seize Julie,
I'm afraid he's betrayed us!
That thing is a dickless traitor!
- A traitor, you say.
- Yes.
I saw him seeking counsel
with Leezar.
Counsel? With Leezar?
Well, if what they say is true,
then, Julie,
I have but one question for you.
What were our master's orders?
What?
His orders were simple.
Capture Fabious and kill the rest.
Boremont, how could you?
What about the code
of the Knights Elite?
Code?
Upon your choice
of best man for your wedding,
your "code" became clear to me.
You hurt my feelings.
Now I shall hurt yours.
Kill them all!
Look out!
To the carriage!
Your friends tried to slay us.
Those bastards! Get in!
After them!
Okay, go!
We've got company!
Ready yourselves!
These men are fierce!
Oh, gods!
Under the cart you go!
Fucking sword! Stab him!
Stab him!
You cut his hair off!
Fabious, he's coming!
I know, get up here!
Come on!
Now what?
I have a plan.
We jump on the horses and ride away.
But the horses, they're moving.
I know. I know.
Oh, shit!
Come on!
What? Want me, as well?
Now!
Face me, you traitor.
Look!
Oh, shit!
We did it!
Yes!
If I could have
everyone's attention.
I'd like to say a few words,
if I may.
I have prepared this feast
in honor and appreciation
of Belladonna.
Seems like it was only yesterday
that we used sorcery
to burn your village to the ground,
come in and snatch you.
But I remember looking at you
all those years ago and thinking,
"That's a baby."
"And that's the baby that someday
I will have to have sex with."
Now, look at me.
A 19-year-old boy, almost a man,
still a virgin.
To the fuckening!
Yes, to the fuckening!
Leezar, what is this rubbish
you have set before us?
It's such a funny choice
for a feast.
I'm just a little overwhelmed right now.
Dealing with her and you
and the fucking prophecy.
I mean, we could all just relax...
Master.
What do you want, Julie?
Regrettably, the Princes of Mourne
have escaped.
You should've killed them
at the wedding when you had the chance.
Fabious is of no purpose to us.
Silence!
His purpose is to destroy you
and your evil ways.
Would you shut up,
or I will love you less.
Are those fish fingers
you're eating?
No more questions!
Now find them!
Shit! Fabious, the horses!
They're escaping.
Yes, it's a distraction
to lead them off our trail.
And what are we to do now?
Walk all the way home?
Home? We're not going home.
Just because the knights
betrayed us
does not mean we give up
on the quest.
Together we can still accomplish
what needs to be done.
How? We're lost, I'm hungry.
This stump, it's putting
my asshole to sleep.
Thadeous, your feet are bare.
Put your boots on.
They're filthy,
I'm having them exfoliated.
No time for exfoliation.
The compass points north.
We shall follow it still.
I will not give up till Belladonna
is safe in mine arms.
Oh, god.
Simon! Where have you been?
Shit.
What?
I left goddamn Steven
back at camp.
Who's Steven?
He's my loyal animal companion.
And he means just as much to me
as Simon means to you.
But I guess
I'll never see him again.
Very well.
I understand that bond.
Let us return to camp,
face the traitors and rescue Steven.
No, fuck it. It's over.
But, perhaps, since my animal companion
is no longer here,
it's only fair that we get rid
of yours as well.
No, that would serve
no purpose, brother.
That would be like
me asking you to get rid of Courtney
just because Julie
is no longer with us.
I will drown Courtney
in the shallow fucking pond right now
if that means fair is fair.
I don't like that idea, sir.
No, Simon can help us.
Simon,
you must take this message
to father.
Tell him that
the Knights Elite betrayed us
and he must send an army
across the valley to Muldiss Darton
and help us retrieve
the Blade of Unicorn.
Hurry, Simon!
Fly to Mourne
and deliver these desperate words.
Fly!
Come on, Manious,
you've been sniffing dirt all morning.
We would not be
in this position, Julie,
if you wouldn't have gotten caught
communicating with Leezar.
And if you ladies
were proper assassins,
you'd have cut them down back there
as the Dark Lord commanded.
Manious, what do you see?
They stepped towards the sun here.
This blade of grass,
one of them pissed on it.
And then they moved, very quickly,
mind, towards...
There!
That's Marteetee's land.
What?
Our mission may
be completed sooner than I expected.
If I may be so bold, Your Highness,
what is the meaning
of that ribbon that you hold?
This?
It's a gift from Belladonna.
A symbol of her virgin purity.
I hold it and savor it.
You do that instead
of have sex with her?
Belladonna is unlike any maiden
in the kingdom.
She behaves without judgment,
defies expectation.
When I first heard her voice
a tear came to my eye,
and that tear turned to ice,
and I kept that frozen tear
far from my heart
that burns with passion.
If she had a wound,
I would kiss it.
If she had a splinter,
I would pull it
from her flesh with mine lips.
Just say we are too late
and Leezar has had his way with her,
would you still be able to be with her?
I don't want to think about that.
But just say that we were moments late,
and he was able to get her cookies.
Shut up.
Yes, I know, but what if he butt-fucked
her? Would you still like her?
Do I have to write you a poem?
There's never been
a love so true as ours.
That's pure love.
Yes, it is.
No, that's pure love.
There's a naked woman
standing behind you.
Who is that?
Is she looking at us?
Who is it? Is it him?
Are you looking to him?
Is it Courtney? Is it to me?
It's Courtney. I think it's to me.
I believe she is
taking her trousers off.
Right, I will return momentarily.
No.
Thadeous, it might be a trap.
The only thing those tits will trap
is my warm spray.
Have fun rubbing your ribbon.
Disgusting.
Come back here, you.
I'm beginning to think
he doesn't care about this quest.
What could possibly
make you think that, sir?
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit! It's a trap.
A booby trap.
Oh, god!
It was a trap.
White people, I knew it!
White people?
- Are they nice or are they mean?
- They're mean!
They're the meanest!
What do we do?
I don't know.
It is against code to strike a woman.
I'm sick of your silly codes.
Punch these ladies in the face!
Sire, where are they taking us?
I don't know. Stay close!
Marteetee.
Mart-who?
Silence!
Good day, my little bees
and welcome to my most special
of events.
We have a wonderful treat
as you get to witness a sea
of babbling men
behold their fates.
Enter, Dastardly!
Bloodthirsty creatures.
Brother, if I die, you must promise me
to continue our quest.
- Him.
- No!
Kill him first!
Stay away!
Take the knife.
Why?
Watch this.
Yes!
No!
Face! Yes!
We've bested your finest warrior.
Now grant us our freedom!
Yeah!
Bring Marteetee his cauldron!
What is the cauldron?
Are my bees ready
for the grand finale?
Yes, my pet!
Come forth
and show thy bulbous!
Oh, shit!
Oh, gods!
Over here!
Hey, over here!
Bring your fight to me!
Shit!
Thadeous!
Sir!
I've been bitten!
I can't move my leg.
You've got to suck out the venom.
I don't want to suck it!
You suck it!
I can't suck my own venom!
Yes, you can. I'll help you!
Suck it! Suck your venom.
I can't reach it with my mouth!
Courtney, suck the venom!
- I've never sucked...
- Suck it!
And who have we here?
A sprightly little warrior you are.
Suck it!
Right there! Suck it!
I will make nice when I enter you!
It's coming! It's coming!
Courtney spit the load!
Don't swallow the venom! Spit it!
Come on! Come on!
- Kill it!
- Fuck it up!
Yes!
What?
Who is he that dares destroy
my beautiful baby?
It's a woman.
I can see.
Marteetee,
when I was a child
you enslaved my father
and slaughtered him
in this very arena.
Today I avenge him.
First by killing the beast,
second, by killing you.
Well, well, my tiny bee...
Oh, shit.
Let's go! We're going!
- Brother, are you all right?
- I'm fine!
Come on, let's go!
This way!
Excuse me, my lady.
May I but speak with you a moment?
I'd like to introduce myself.
I am Prince Fabious of Mourne
and this is my brother, Thadeous,
and his squire, young Courtney.
Hello.
We'd like to thank you
for your help with that dread beast.
I have no time for
your maiden pleasantries.
My quest continues to the north.
As does ours.
I thought maybe for the sake
of both our quests,
that we could travel together.
At least, until we reach civilization.
Yes, civilization.
We are good men,
we're questing to save my...
Excuse my brother.
He's not familiar
with the customs of the road.
Do not touch me.
Why are you making me look bad?
A warrior on the road
never divulges the nature of his quest.
One never knows if his aim may conflict
with another's.
Yes, I was just being nice.
As we are on the same path,
I suppose you boys
may follow me to Muldiss Darton.
From there I seek navigation
and march alone.
We thank you. And may we have your name?
I'm Isabel.
The last living member
of the Harshbarger order.
Well, Isabel,
my brother and myself will ensure
that you run into no danger
while you travel with us.
With our huge muscles,
we shall protect you.
Who? Protect what?
To be fair, everyone will protect
each other equally, I'm certain.
But we will protect her more
because we are men.
Gods!
What are you doing, brother?
What right do you have,
scaring a man like that?
What right have you to spy
on a bathing woman from the shrubs?
I'm simply
keeping an eye on her.
She is not like one
of our dimwitted chamber maids
that let me take them from behind.
This woman has me vexed.
What exactly would it take for one
to tame such an adventurous slut?
I imagine she'd
want her man to be honorable,
bold, brave,
know his way around a blade.
Oh, god, she's looking at us.
Remain perfectly still.
We're almost out of wood.
Courtney, perhaps you and I should go
and collect some firewood.
Yeah.
If you two wouldn't mind
tending these embers.
No, of course not.
Tend away.
Care for another bite of some meat?
You're not much for talking, are you?
A true warrior must keep her focus
on the road.
One never knows when
death might be dealt.
Yes, of course.
I've been involved in many
death dealings in focus-al moments.
Yes, by your childish shrieks
in the face of Marteetee's beast,
one could see as much.
What exactly is your problem with me?
Do you have a sword stuck
so far up your butt-hole
that you cannot even enjoy yourself
for one moment?
My quest affords me no such luxury.
Not even on a tender night like this?
The moons glimmering,
the cold air licking your tits.
On a night just like this
I returned home from a hunt
to find a bloodbath.
Nothing remained of
my six beloved brothers
save for their severed heads on stakes.
Their eyes had been plucked,
their teeth taken as tokens.
I wear this bracelet,
forged of the steel of their shields,
as a constant reminder
of my vow to avenge them.
My only advice would just
be to keep your head up,
hang in there,
live every day to the fullest,
have sex as much as you can
by campfire when you're all alone
and your brother is out
gathering wood.
Just simple things like that.
Do you think he'll make
love with her tonight?
Not a chance.
Either way, I've spent a lifetime
often envious of him.
Envious of Thadeous?
All the times that
he could sit back and have a laugh
and really enjoy the moment.
And I was up on stage
wearing make-up to cover my acne.
My hair perfectly coiffed,
even for war.
I think you misunderstand
the situation.
He constantly gazes at you
with such eager eyes.
Sometimes he borrows your armor
and he prances around the courtyard,
flailing your sword,
going, "I am Fabious!
"Look at me slay dragon."
He does it out of love.
He loves you, sir.
He adores you.
I know tragedy as well.
My mother is dead.
I have someone dead
in my family, too.
Also, recently
my brother's bride-to-be was stolen
by a devious wizard.
Wizard?
If you could keep a secret,
it was Leezar.
Leezar?
I understand
he's a very dangerous man.
That's why Fabious turned to me.
The most bold and brave
and honorable man that he knows.
We aim to kill the magical cocksucker.
Do you see this compass?
What a fascinating device.
It will lead us
to a labyrinth which holds a blade.
The only weapon
strong enough to defeat the wizard.
Well, perhaps I misjudged you.
It's not your fault.
I know I may seem like
I have a rugged exterior,
but underneath it all, I have
a golden heart that beats and beats.
So beautiful.
That poor creature.
That's right.
Look at yourself.
Why would anyone ever
want to be with you?
I'm not sure, really.
Oh, yeah.
Perhaps, because I'm rich,
I live in a castle and I can do magic.
Okay, then why did you need to
kidnap me if you're so desirable?
Because I'm the prophecy born, maybe.
Or I'm going to have a dragon soon
which I'll be able to control,
and it's going to
give me ultimate power.
How? Because you can
make a dragon do things?
Yes. I could make it devour people
or breathe fire over
the Kingdom of Mourne.
Sounds flimsy.
First of all, you obviously don't know
jack shit about the prophecy.
How do you know that it won't be me
who controls the dragon?
Because I am the chosen one.
Chosen one controls the dragon.
Those are the rules, basically.
What are you laughing at?
I was just thinking about your penis
and how unusual it must look.
It doesn't look unusual.
How do you know it's going to work?
- Because I've tested it.
- Really?
And if your vagina is
anything like my hand
there will be no problem.
Fair warriors, arise.
Two days before the eclipse.
Thadeous, hand me the compass
so I can check its shadow.
What?
The compass.
That's weird.
It was around my neck when I slept.
Where is it, Thadeous?
I don't know. I just woke up.
Isabel seems to have gone.
Isabel!
Shit.
Thadeous,
you didn't by chance tell her
anything about the nature
of our quest, did you?
I may have dropped
a few minor details.
Did you tell Isabel
anything about the one-of-a-kind
mythical compass?
Gods!
She's run off with the compass.
- We don't know that for sure.
- Oh, yeah?
Where is it? Where is she?
All right, well, it wasn't my fault.
I was falling madly in love with her.
I was bedazzled by her sweet bosom.
I was helpless.
You fool!
Without the compass,
how do we find the Blade of Unicorn?
And without that sword,
how do we defeat Leezar?
Maybe we can find some other way,
with nets or something.
Nets?
Oh, that's a great plan.
And meanwhile, Belladonna's
going to get raped and die!
We don't know for sure
if she'll die.
Is this a joke to you?
Look, I'm sorry,
but I shouldn't even be here.
We've almost been killed
multiple times.
I will probably die on this quest.
Courtney definitely will.
Fuck Courtney, and fuck you!
Maybe they're right,
everything they say about you.
They only say that stuff because of you,
because you go out
and have to pretend to be the best.
And they look at me
like I'm some sort of idiot.
Everyone in the kingdom
wants to suck your dick.
No one wants to suck mine!
Oh, Thadeous,
you have the potential
to be such a noble warrior,
but instead you just
let yourself go,
and everyone around you.
You have no idea
what it's like to be me.
Being your brother is a curse.
I'd rather be brothers
with anyone else but you.
You say nothing else
for fear of what I might do.
Nothing!
Now get dressed and comb your hair.
I'm going to Muldiss Darton.
Sex.
Come on, Courtney.
Come on.
For better or worse, we're here.
Muldiss Darton.
You and Courtney entertain yourselves.
I'm going off to find the sword alone.
Alone?
I can't afford to waste any more time.
Well, what are we to do?
Do whatever it is you do, Thadeous.
Well, obviously he's still upset.
Oh, gods, Courtney.
How my heart laments.
Having been betrayed
by the sways of a beautiful woman.
And Fabious,
throwing his goddamn tantrums
with no regard for
anyone else's feelings.
He really needs to consider...
Sir, look over there.
It's that thieving Isabel.
My gods!
The balls of this woman!
Do you think any
of those men are her boyfriends?
Possibly.
Who would ever
want to be her boyfriend?
What do we do?
I'll tell you what we do.
We go over there,
we get the compass back,
we give it to Fabious,
we make him feel horrible
for the way in which he treated me,
and then you and I head for home.
You believe it to be
as easy as that, sir?
Courtney, she is a woman,
and we are a man.
How hard could this be?
It's my birthday today, you know.
Fuck that.
Boremont!
You dare to betray me twice?
No, it's the same betrayal as before.
It all just counts as one.
I suggest you surrender
before my father's army gets here.
After Simon's message,
they should be arriving nigh on now.
Ah, yes.
About your tin pet.
Simon.
Best of luck with your quest.
And you with yours.
Not so fast, trickster.
Hello, Thadeous.
The time for pleasantries is through.
Do you feel that tiny prick
in your back?
Is that your cock?
No, 'tis a knife,
but I'll gladly penetrate you with it.
Now look over your shoulder.
Other shoulder.
Frightening.
We have you surrounded.
An animal in a cage.
Now sit.
So, who were those handsome men
you were talking to?
My contacts.
By contacts do you mean
men you trick into liking you
so you can fuck them over?
What are you talking about?
You know what I'm talking about.
The compass. Hand it over now.
You lied. It does nothing.
Maybe if you would've
gone to the Wize Wizard like we did,
he could have explained to you that
it only works in sunlight.
Really?
Shit, I shouldn't have told you that.
Isn't the Wize Wizard a pervert?
Yes.
Sadly, I think he molested my brother.
That's unfortunate.
Enough of your sympathy.
The compass. Give it.
I need it to destroy Leezar.
Your quest is to kill Leezar?
Yes. My family is the order
of the Golden Knights.
We're sworn to obstruct the prophecy
of the dragon eclipse.
That's what the Golden Knights do?
It is my legacy to stop anyone
who wants to fuck to make dragons.
Yuck. Well, that's the same thing
we're trying to do.
Why would you hinder us
and steal the compass?
His mothers sent my brothers
to their death.
I must stop Leezar
and I can't afford
to let anyone get in my way.
Least of all, a slob and his boy.
Guess what? I despise you.
You're a bully and a whore.
Now give me the compass now.
And if I don't?
Well,
then things will get very nasty.
Oh, really?
Oh, really.
Shit!
Oh, shit!
God!
Courtney, fucking do something.
Your Highness!
Excuse me.
What the fuck?
Take that shit outside!
Oh, sorry.
Hello.
Thank you for the hospitality,
gentlemen.
That didn't really go as planned.
She's gone and now
so is the compass.
She is, indeed, gone, sir.
The compass, however,
is right here.
Courtney, my good man.
How did you do it?
Before your father bought me,
I was a sex slave for a band of gypsies
in the north
and they taught me a thing or two
about sleight-of-hand.
Oh, you.
Now you see me, now you don't.
Delicious.
I can't wait to see the look
on Fabious' silly face
when he sees this.
Clear!
Fabious.
What do we do?
I'll tell you what we do.
We will steal a steed
and we will ride to the next town.
We become ghosts,
start a brand new life,
one where you still serve me.
And we're stable boys,
- and we bed the fickle wives of farmers.
- What about Fabious?
Oh, Fabious.
We'll remember him fondly.
I really think we should try
and rescue him.
But, how, Courtney?
You are weak, and I am hungry.
You deceitful pricks.
You stole the compass from me.
Who? I didn't. Courtney did.
Please have mercy on us, lady warrior.
Fabious has been captured
by Leezar and his men.
He was captured?
Yes.
We got into a huge swordfight
and we were able to escape
and he was not.
I know how you're feeling inside.
As if you cannot rest
until you destroy those
who harmed your family.
You want to skin them alive
then wear their flesh as a cape
as you dance around
their convulsing corpses.
Yes, of course.
Yes.
That feeling is all too familiar.
It's been burning in my beaver
since the day I lost my brothers.
We've had our differences,
but if we work together,
we can save your brother,
avenge my family,
and destroy Leezar once and for all.
This woman is mad.
I believe we found our labyrinth.
Where?
The compass has led us to a dead end.
Shall we return home?
It appears as though there's
something written here
in the language
of the Highland Dwarf.
I can't read it.
Sir, you're well-versed in the
Highland Dwarf language, aren't you?
You read Dwarf, Thadeous?
I have had encounters
with those people, yes.
Really?
Well, then what does it say?
Fucker.
It's nonsense.
It says, "What leads you here
will lead you there."
It's rubbish.
Highland Dwarves are a silly culture.
Oftentimes they speak and I have
no idea what they're talking about.
What is she doing?
Perfect fit.
You coming?
What is that foul stench?
What was that noise?
I don't know, Courtney.
But I don't like this.
I fear we're not alone in here.
What is that thing?
I don't know, but run!
Isabel!
Sir?
Help! Your Highness!
Courtney!
Thadeous!
Isabel!
Companions, where are you?
Courtney! Hello?
Thadeous!
Where are you, sire?
This is the Blade of Unicorn?
It's just bones.
You've found it.
Who said that?
'Tis I, the soul of this maze
and protector of the blade.
'Tis my duty to ensure
only a true hero carries the blade
from this tomb.
Okay.
Say, for instance,
a man entered here
by accident
who wasn't a true hero.
What would happen to him?
Death.
I see. Well,
I am no true hero.
So I would like to just place the sword
back where I found it,
and then I will go my way,
and you won't kill me,
and that will be that, okay?
Go?
Where would you like to go?
Is that...
Your home.
Okay, well, I would surely go there.
That would be fine.
Shall I just slide
the sword back into the thingy,
or place it gently upon the ground?
And if I told you that your brother
will die without the help
of this blade,
would you still
walk through that door?
Without the blade,
Fabious will be helpless against Leezar.
Shut your magical hole.
Why are you showing me this?
It's what you wanted, is it not?
Your brother gone.
You'll be king of all the land.
Think of the power,
the women, the bush,
the sticky-icky, the honeypots.
Well, it would be nice to be king.
And all you have to do
is forget about the blade.
Leave it where you found it
and never think of this place again.
That's very sweet
but I am not a female Minotaur.
His worm is tickling me.
Get off of me!
I'm not enjoying this!
Get off me.
Did you just see that?
I came back for you all!
I saved you!
What, you were going to leave us?
No, of course not.
Is that the...
Blade of Unicorn?
Yes, my companions, it is.
It's so beautiful.
It's very, very sharp.
Come here, you silly.
What are you doing?
I was just trying to cut this horn
as a souvenir of my kill,
but it's proving to be
a bit of a bitch.
You can never sever the horn
of a Minotaur.
Only a champion man
would hold the Blade of Unicorn
in his hands.
And I, Thadeous, am that man.
I have seen the pain
in my reflection
and watched the strength
of my brother, unflinching.
My quest is one of love,
but also in this moment
of forgiveness, of redemption,
even amongst the smallest of foes.
My path has been unstable
but my conviction is born
to damn the fuckers who doubted me.
To lessen the assholes who tested me.
To right what is wrong.
To restore faith
that has long been lost.
And to rise to great heights
even beyond my own legend
as a great cocksmith,
master pintsman,
and stunningly handsome prince
of light in these dark Dark Ages.
True trials await,
and I will greet thee
with the hammer of my fist
and the slide of my sword.
As the fog clears,
I will follow the voice that guides me.
My love, my heart, my gods.
The time is now!
Let us quest!
At long last,
I have you firmly in my grasp.
The pesky Prince Fabious.
The little sneak
who time and time again
has foiled every one of my plots.
Who has slain every one of my beasts.
Who has bested me
without fail until now.
Do what you will to me.
But unhand my love.
Let Belladonna go!
Cast your glance heavenward
and know that when the ceiling parts,
and the moons align,
I will be entering your love.
Sacrilege!
You wretched wizard.
My mothers have already
moistened Belladonna for foreplay.
You'll excuse me if I take my leave.
I shall kill you!
Julie, Julie, get me out of here.
Leezar has a hold of your mind.
He has allowed me
to get even with you.
For too long
you and your family
have treated me
like an employee.
Yeah, you were my slave.
Yes, well not anymore.
Boremont, my comrade.
Please, get me out of here.
If Leezar wins tonight, the entire world
will tumble into darkness.
My heart has soured
on this world long ago.
Perhaps a regime change
is just what it's needed.
Boremont, you gave your hand for me.
Now you're taking my heart.
We used to have
fucking picnics together.
Remember when we crossed swords
and touched tips?
Do you remember?
Look at me, Boremont!
Don't do this.
Anyway, so that you don't feel like
you're missing out on any of the fun,
let me introduce you
to my friend, Timotay.
As Leezar enters Belladonna,
he will lower you onto that spike,
thereby giving you
a good poking as well.
Belladonna, I love you!
All right.
Well, seeing that I did
the bulk of the work in the labyrinth,
perhaps it's one
of your turns to lead the way now.
Step back, new friends.
I'll lead the way.
For tonight, evil has met its match.
Fantastic!
Thank you again for coming.
God.
Right out of the gate.
We should proceed
with a bit more caution.
Let go of me!
You foul witches! I hate you all.
Stop laughing.
Silence!
Let me go!
I shall be unable to have sex with her
with all that shrieking.
If it's obedience that you want,
we will put her under a spell.
She will surrender.
Obey.
Let it begin.
The winch, Courtney.
Brother! What are you doing here?
We came to rescue you.
You did?
Yes! Are you surprised?
Yes!
Courtney, you're still alive!
Isabel!
All right. Great.
We haven't much time!
Let's get weapons.
Fabious, there's something else
I should tell you.
What?
I would never let
your true love come to harm.
I present you
with the Blade of Unicorn.
Brother, it is beautiful.
And Your Highness,
please forgive my deception.
Our two quests now work as one.
Nice.
We're in this together, sir.
Yes.
Simon!
Now mine eyes have seen it all.
'Tis only a truce.
Courtney had him restored.
He manipulated me into friendship
by tugging at my heartstrings.
Right.
What's he saying?
It seems the way is more treacherous
than I thought.
I cannot ask you to come with me.
I know you do not expect
much from me, Fabious.
But I will stand with you
on this night.
Is this the same brother
that would not be my best man?
I did not deserve to be
your best man.
You do now.
We can finish this
whenever you maidens are ready.
Ready!
The time is nigh!
The moons are about to align.
Intruders!
Prepare to be fist-fucked
by two brothers at once.
You're too late!
The fuckening has begun.
Get him!
You shit!
Kill them!
Why is she making these noises?
Courtney!
Boremont!
Bastard!
Thadeous!
I'm not stiffening!
I'm just not attracted to you.
Fuck me!
Love me!
Adis, motherfucker!
Teamwork!
God, I never wanted it
to end like this, old friend.
Master Fabious.
I loved you!
I loved you, too, Boremont.
As only a knight can love a knight.
No.
I loved you
as a man loves another man.
Jumping!
Quick! We must hurry!
What? No, no, don't suck that!
That's dead!
Next time you want to smash
a bloodline of knights,
make sure you kill all of them!
We did!
You forgot about their sister.
Thadeous! What are you doing here?
I'm trying to rescue you.
We must hurry!
Step away from my virgin.
She's my brother's virgin.
If you want to fuck her,
you'll have to fuck me first.
It would be my pleasure.
Stop!
It's over.
Take your last breath with nobility.
You fool.
I cannot be slain by mortal blade.
One must possess the powerful...
I know.
Blade of Unicorn.
It's not possible.
My love.
Think I'm beginning to like the feel
of blood and filth
upon these fingers.
Perhaps I will never bathe again.
Unless, of course, there were a bitch
brave enough to bathe beside me.
You fought with honor.
Why don't you treat yourself
and take rest at our castle?
We've all the slaves, pickles
and servants one could ever desire.
We have dancing bears, Orientals
and all the berries you care to pick.
I wish I could, but I never rest.
There's yet another quest
that calls me to the Western Marshes.
I must surprise a band of thieves
and burn them alive one by one
in a symphony of shrieks.
I will not forget you, Prince.
Nor will I.
Here. To remember me.
I don't want that thing touching me.
Say hello.
No.
I fucking killed this dick.
Take it.
No, it's yours.
I cannot accept
another warrior's trophy.
Courtney, take my dick.
With pleasure, sir.
Till we meet again.
Is thou all right, brother?
I love you.
I love you, too.
They're cheering for you.
They're cheering for all of us.
Even for me?
Especially you, brother.
I'm proud of you, son.
You saved the entire land.
Not a bad run for a first quest.
Well, I would be remiss
to say I did it alone.
Fabious did help where he could.
I'm sure.
Finally. Alone.
Hello, there. Cock-a-doodle-do.
Ah, Isabel.
Brother?
Yes?
Am I interrupting something?
Nothing, I was preparing for bedtime
and just looking at the oils
that Father gave me.
I know what you're doing!
No, you don't.
Well, seeing you by yourself
at the wedding didn't seem right.
So, I've brought you someone:
- Someone I know you've been missing...
- Isabel?
...and who's been missing you.
I brought you Steven!
I went on a mini-quest
and I found him for you.
Well, that was
very nice of you, Fabious.
Thank you.
I had so much fun on
our adventure together.
Yes, I know.
You have told me 15 fucking times now.
Well...
I'm off to sleep
with Belladonna.
I'm a little nervous.
Don't be.
Just swing your cock with the
same strength you swing your sword,
and I'm sure all will be fine.
All right.
Sweet dreams, brother.
Sweet dreams.
Steven.
Well, I'm going to put you in the
corner now while I strum my filthies.
Come, come, Steven.
Here we go.
Isabel.
I was able to wrap things up
in the west quicker than I expected.
I've not been able to
stop thinking of you.
What a coincidence. I was just
about to finish thinking of you.
Wait. Before we go any further,
there's something
I have to show you.
What?
What the hell is that?
It's a chastity belt
put upon me by an evil witch
long ago.
She now roams the
snow mountains of Shahmir.
If I can defeat her,
the curse will be broken,
the belt will fall free.
So in order for us to make love,
we have to track down an evil and,
I'm assuming, dangerous witch?
Exactly.
We would have to do this
right now?
If you don't want to join me,
I could just take care
of it myself.
No, of course I want to come.
We just got home.
I was hoping to have a few hours
of just doing nothing,
perhaps just relaxing.
Let's just stay here and snuggle.
No, fuck it.
Let's kill that bitch.
>> This subtitle sync by xamtra.inc <<